THE PENNSYLVANIA STATE UNIVERSITY RESEARCH AND EDUCATIONAL USE LICENSE

BE ADVISED: This Agreement is a legal agreement between "LICENSEE" (defined
below) and The Pennsylvania State University, a non-profit corporation duly
organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
("UNIVERSITY").  By installing, downloading, accessing or otherwise using the
SOFTWARE (defined below), LICENSEE agrees to be bound by the terms of this
Agreement.  If LICENSEE does not agree with the terms of this Agreement, do
not install, access, or use the SOFTWARE.

WHEREAS, Dr. Patrick Reed and Dr. David Hadka, employees of The Pennsylvania
State University, have created and developed certain computer software
entitled "BORG: Many-Objective Evolutionary Computing Framework" (the
"SOFTWARE");

WHEREAS, patent protection for the SOFTWARE is being pursued by the UNIVERSITY
including, but not limited to, United States patent application number
13/356,391 (pending);

WHEREAS, the UNIVERSITY is dedicated to fostering and advancing scientific
research, this SOFTWARE is made available to the noncommercial research and
educational community as a public service by the UNIVERSITY.  [Please contact
the UNIVERSITY Office of Technology Management for information on other
licensing arrangements (i.e. proprietary commercial applications)].

WHEREAS, the UNIVERSITY is the owner of and has the right to license the
SOFTWARE and the associated patent rights;

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises as well as the mutual promises
and covenants set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions
"LICENSEE" shall mean the person installing the SOFTWARE if it is solely for
personal use by that person on the personal equipment of that person.  If the
SOFTWARE is being installed on equipment for use by another legal entity, such
as a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or institution, then
the person installing the SOFTWARE by proceeding with the installation
certifies that he or she has authority to bind that legal entity to this
Agreement; and that legal entity shall be considered to be the LICENSEE.

2. Grant and Obligations 
Under this License Agreement, LICENSEE is granted nonexclusive and
royalty-free rights to practice any patent rights associated with the
SOFTWARE, and the SOFTWARE may be used as-is or may be modified, provided
that your practice or use is solely for noncommercial, research and education
purposes.  You may not distribute the original version or modifications of the
SOFTWARE for any purpose.  Both the original version and modified versions of
the SOFTWARE may be copied and performed provided that the following terms and
conditions are met:
 
2.1) LICENSEE is affiliated with a nonprofit, noncommercial research and
educational institution and shall identify the name of the institution and the
names(s) of the users of the SOFTWARE to UNIVERSITY via Patrick Reed at the
time that LICENSEE acquires this license;

2.2) Modified versions of the SOFTWARE must clearly state that the work is
a modification of the SOFTWARE and must prominently display the full SOFTWARE
title and appropriate copyright notices.  Copyright management information
(software identifier and version number, copyright notice and license) shall
be retained in all versions of the SOFTWARE.

2.3) If modified, the source code, documentation, and user run-time
elements of the SOFTWARE should be clearly labeled by identifying the name of
the person(s) and/or organization making the modifications, the date of
modification, and a written description of the modifications.

2.4) The UNIVERSITY may make modifications to the SOFTWARE that are
substantially similar to modified versions of the SOFTWARE created by others,
and may make, use, sell, copy, distribute, publicly display, and perform such
modifications, including making such modifications available under this or
other licenses, without obligation or restriction.

2.5) Neither the name nor any of the logos of the UNIVERSITY may be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to the use or modification of the SOFTWARE
without the specific, prior written permission of an authorized representative
of the UNIVERSITY.

2.6) Any publications, reports, course lectures, and/or presentations that
employ the SOFTWARE or its derivatives will acknowledge the use of the
SOFTWARE or of any of its derivatives by citing the SOFTWARE developed by
Dr. Reed and Dr. Hadka.

3. Disclaimer of Warranty 
THIS SOFTWARE IS MADE AVAILABLE "AS-IS."  THE PENNSYLVANIA STATE UNIVERSITY
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTY OF NONINFRINGEMENT AND ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE PENNSYLVANIA STATE UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
RESULTING FROM ANY USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION FOR CONTRACT,
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR STRICT LIABILITY. 

